PRIVACY NOTICE

This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Emocore. This privacy
notice applies solely to information collected by this app. It will notify you
of the following:

1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the
   app, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.

INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING

We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via
email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this
information to anyone.

We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you
contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of
our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship
an order.

Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you
about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.

YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION

You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the
following at any time by contacting us via yo@huw.cool:

- See what data we have about you, if any.
- Change/correct any data we have about you.
- Have us delete any data we have about you.
- Express any concern you have about our use of your data.

SECURITY

We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive
information via email, your information is protected both online and offline.

We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the
information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service)
are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers
in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure
environment.

If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should
contact us immediately via yo@huw.cool.
